Extending FLEDGE to support coordinated experiments (#266)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

  'auctionSignals': {...},
  'sellerSignals': {...},
  'sellerTimeout': 100,
  'sellerExperimentGroupId': 12345,

>   'perBuyerSignals': {'https://www.example-dsp.com': {

Reviewer: So what CL I have pending implements has it as a separate perBuyerExperimentGroupId map, similar to perBuyerTimeouts, and also admitting * for setting the default. What do you think of that interface?

Reviewer 2: My thought is that if it is a separate field then it's one more signal a seller has to map from the contextual call to `runAdAuction()`. This may be okay as a one-off, but if you can imagine more buyer-controlled fields being added in the future that the browser needs to understand then it's a change all the sellers need to handle as well. Also need to worry about field name conflicts if they're root level in perBuyerSignals.

Maybe a separate `perBuyerConfigurations` object that for now just contains the `experimentGroupId`, but could, in the future, be extended to take any additional buyer-controlled fields that the browser needs to know about?

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/pull/276 also runs into this, with `perBuyerGroupLimits`

On the other hand, with the way partial updating of auction configurations works, there is some advantage of keeping them separate to allow more granular updates.

Author: Is there anything required on my end?

Reviewer 2: @jeffkaufman could you please expand on "the way partial updating of auction configurations works"?

I like the idea of a `perBuyerConfigurations` object that contains all buyer-controlled FLEDGE settings like the experimentGroupId (and buyer limits/timeouts, maybe an exploration factor for IG selection, opt-in for bandit algorithm, I'm just making stuff up here). 

The thought is that if an SSP does
```
foreach dsp:
    perBuyerConfigurations[dsp] = contextualResponse[dsp].buyerConfiguration
```
then buyers don't have to wait for SSP changes to utilize new buyer-controlled FLEDGE parameters if/when FLEDGE adds them.

Reviewer 3: > could you please expand on "the way partial updating of auction configurations works"?

Sorry, I got confused and thought we were talking about interest groups.  Ignore me!

Reviewer 3: Which means I'm also in favor of a `perBuyer` section.  Might as well merge this with `interestGroupBuyers` while we're at it.

Reviewer: Note that I've landed https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/commit/9c37c816537202ef21e9447ddfe081093d292c97 which supports this via a separate field, but the intent was very much to incorporate this feedback on better ways of phrasing this in API once a consensus coalesces...

Optionally, `sellerTimeout` can be specified to restrict the runtime (in milliseconds) of the seller's `scoreAd()` script, and `perBuyerTimeouts` can be specified to restrict the runtime (in milliseconds) of particular buyer's `generateBid()` scripts. If no value is specified for the seller or a particular buyer, a default timeout of 50 ms will be selected. Any timeout higher than 500 ms will be clamped to 500 ms. A key of `'*'` in `perBuyerTimeouts` is used to change the default of unspecified buyers.

> Optionally, `sellerExperimentGroupId` parameter can be specified by the seller to support coordinated experiments with seller trusted server. If specified, this must be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits). Optionally,`buyerExperimentGroupId` parameter can be specified by the buyer as part of `perBuyerSignals` to support coordinated experiments with buyer trusted server. If specified, this must also be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits).

Reviewer: perBuyerExperimentGroupIds (and not per of perBuyerSignals).
Key of '*' can be used to provide a default for buyers whose origin does not have its own value specified.

Optionally, `sellerTimeout` can be specified to restrict the runtime (in milliseconds) of the seller's `scoreAd()` script, and `perBuyerTimeouts` can be specified to restrict the runtime (in milliseconds) of particular buyer's `generateBid()` scripts. If no value is specified for the seller or a particular buyer, a default timeout of 50 ms will be selected. Any timeout higher than 500 ms will be clamped to 500 ms. A key of `'*'` in `perBuyerTimeouts` is used to change the default of unspecified buyers.

> Optionally, `sellerExperimentGroupId` parameter can be specified by the seller to support coordinated experiments with seller trusted server. If specified, this must be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits). Optionally,`perBuyerExperimentGroupIds` can be specified by the buyer to support coordinated experiments with buyer trusted server. If specified, this must also be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Optionally, `sellerExperimentGroupId` can be specified by the seller to support coordinated experiments with the seller's trusted server. If specified, this must be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits). Optionally,`perBuyerExperimentGroupIds` can be specified to support coordinated experiments with buyers' trusted servers. If specified, this must also be an integer between zero and 65535 (16 bits).
```
